Fang Shiqiang is the person I like after all
He cheated on me.
But I can't be unjust to him
Otherwise, I wouldn't have let him follow the butler
Let's go find Zhao Tiegang together
So the big niece
You are willing to help me I let him go
Uncle Fang
Don't worry.
What is the status of the Chen family?
Ouyang Feilong is dead this time
The head butler is the spokesperson of the Chen family
Since he doesn't even pay attention to the butler
Then the next step is the head of the Chen family
Will definitely come in person
The head of the Chen family came in person
God this movement
Will it make too much trouble?
The bigger the mess, the better.
He Ouyang Feilong has been unkind to me several times.
But he underestimated me, Chen Meimei
He had no idea.
I will let Fang Shiqiang and the Chen family lead the way
To be honest, you don't know yet
In fact, I am the niece of the Chen family
Miss Chen Santai's cousin
We didn't know.
Except now that my son has agreed to marry you
Be the son-in-law of the Chen family
Although it is watch
I'm a hidden person
As for my uncle
There was no sand in his eyes.
He's here. The South City is definitely going to collapse
As for how many people died?
Well, it depends on the mood of the second uncle.
What?
I see. Are you sure?
What's up?
Niece Ouyang's family has released the news to the outside world
Tomorrow is Ouyang Jia's breath
They actually
What did you see?
Say it now